
# DO THE WORK THAT MATTERS!

--- 
### !!! Link Weekly Note : [[2024-W06]]
---

Just Talking to Myself : 

Good Morning, Just woke up. I woke up a bit late today so I'm going to do a very Limited amount of Precalc.  I need to get my sleep in order again so that I can catch better z's. 

This week is also spiritual emphasis week and I am quite excited. I stilll have to think of what i'll do tomorrow. 

09:53 : Just drank some water and got into ethics, I don't even feel bad.  Actually,  I feel great. 

10:41 : Break time. Just chilling in class alone. I don't feel bad for Once because I acutally did the physics Homework. This has Been a success. I still feel a bit pressured because of the bad grade i got on the Physics test because if he posts it on pwerschool, my grade will drop quite alot. Hopefully, he doesn't add that grade. I have to increase my understanding of physics so that I can enjoy it. 

14:40 : I am in english and i feel pretty discouraged to write. I have to write in these last twenty minutes and also work on it at home. 

16:47 : Hello, I returned home, ate my evening tea and now want to get onto some of my work. I think that I should Begin working pretty soon. 
What do I got ? 
  * Precalculus 
  * English
  * Tomorrow speech for chapel
  * Coding!

Yeah, that's it. I just have to do these things and I can sleep peacefully today. might aswell get onto it. 

**I have to make sure to get the other tasks under hand first before I tackle coding.**

It's me, Joseph. Just going to write for tomorrow's chapel short speech. 

### Lonliness and Gratitude.
Good mornining Everyone ! Hope you are having a great time today. 
I am thankful for the opportunity to stand before you and speak to you this morning.
#### Lonliness. 
* Lonliness is a deep feeling of sadness from being alone.
* This does not mean that Alone = Lonely. 
* Lonliness is a sneaky problem to deal with because of it's very non present nature. You can feel loneley even around people because you feel dejected or **disconnected**. 
* This disconnection is very important because the modern age is pushing us to disconnection through social media and the battle for our attension. 
* Loneliness can throw you into a myriad of factors. Depression, Anxiety and Very problematic thoughts. 
  #### SOLUTION : Connections. 
* You need to build some valiable connections. Go talk to people IRL. 
* You also have a friend who is always watching over you, Ready to be an honest friend to you. He is ever present. 
* *4. Isaiah 41:10
So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand.*












