
# DO THE WORK THAT MATTERS!

--- 
### !!! Link Weekly Note : [[2024-W07]]
#### PROJECT : [[Project TheEquationOfGreatness]]
#### MOTTO : Focus x Time = Results
---

Just Talking to Myself : 

Good Morning. I just woke up and I don't feel bad or anything. I idid My Precalc revision yesterday but I haven't got done with my Physics. I should do that before I get to school and start to feel abd about it. 

Hey. I'm trying to develop a greater interest in mathematics. I will try to put more passion in my Mathematical courses. I will love Precalc. I will love Physics. I will enjoy everything Math. If I can completely change myself, into a Math guy, I would. I'm going to spend a small bit trying to document My new Math Learning Project. 

I just finished setting up my Project. it's "The Equation of Greatness." I think that this is going to be great. I have to start by putting in the effort to follow it daily and actually make some serious progress. I can continue to code aswell. it's time to get productive like crazy. 

Alright. Just going to take my 5 min break. do Precalc Video, take a shower. Come back and do some of the homework for like 30 mins. Then end the day with Physics.  

Just got done with doing my precalc for today. going to take a long break and read. then embark on physics. I didn't do any of the work I wanted to do yesterday so I have to fully engage today or else it's just goiing to get worse. Let's go.

Hi. It's me. it's coming to 11 in the night and I'd like to go to sleep but I cannot. I have not done any physics. I'm not going to betray myself and Lead my self into comfortable slumber. Okay. i did the Physics Quiz. I'm going to bed. 