
# DO THE WORK THAT MATTERS!

--- 
### !!! Link Weekly Note : [[2023-W46]]
---

Just Talking to Myself : 

I hope that I can continue this progress and actually learn something. I learned a lot of Git today and I feel a a lot better as a programmer. I'll make some notes and then make a Git cheatsheet. 

Im extremely happy with what I managed to achieve this morning. I even pushed my little login page that I made for the CSP exam. It is in my repo "beginner_days". I really like this. i will now get to working on my math classes. and physics. It would be nice if i could just get a lot of stuff under the bridge today and chill tomorrow. Im happy that I havre managed to keep my brain cleansed. I like how everything is going right now. Now that I have cleared my head and resolved myself. It is time to get working. If i manage to do this. I will do the Intro to Javascript and actually not feel shit about myself. 

Ok. I have finally done the first half of the precalc worksheet and I feel less like shit. I need to do a ton of physics work. I also need to study for the physics test. I hope that I can continue to do some hard work. I have to motivate myself to finish the assignments for today. 

Shit, I just busted one. i feel Like sheet and I regret it greatly. I need to setup more control of my problems. I have procrastinated a shit ton and I need to catch up. 

I am a sad sack of hopelessness. I told myself I wouldn't do it again. I did it again. I can't control myself I have failed this day. To make things worse. I procrastinated and now I have a ton of assignments that I have to do. When the time comes I'll prepare to go to bed but I can't sleep with these assignments. Today was a failure but I promise to my future self that this is the last I do it. I shall not do it again. 

Just stop with this pretentious shit. do the work bro. It's your Life. Im pleading you man. Just work !







[[MY PHILOSOPHY]]
 ---
_Document Entry Here_ : 
