
# DO THE WORK THAT MATTERS!

--- 
### !!! Link Weekly Note : [[2023-W47]]
---

Just Talking to Myself : 
Good Morning, I feel less shit, I passed my precalc test and I feel motivated to do the math. This is nice. 

I changes the font and also found about syncthing. I feel so much more in-control especially as I understood what we learned in physics today, I am not playing COD today and I also won't hoop. I will end Today in control. I will do the Precalc HW before going Home. I also have to finish my lunch. I feel so much better and I will resolve myself now so that my thoughts cannot change my thoughts, 

I am going to setup Syncthing so that I can sync my obsidian folder. Ok, I am greatly disappointed. It turns out that Syncthing does work but I can't get Obsidian to read of a folder that isn't part of it's original folder. Apple Organises it's stuff as Islands instead of giving us a traditional File systems. because of that, syncthing cant really mess with my obsidian folder. but it is aight. I'll figure something out. 

I have come home and it is 10 mins to 4. I am going to work for this hour. rest until MS Carol works with me and then Do a ton of work. I hope by like 8:30 to 9pm, I will be done. If I manage that. I will chill till sleep time. 

Just finished the precalc and I will work on all my other assignments. I must make up for yesterday today. 

Day 9 of The challenge. I gotta do well, I have to at least get 2/3 of the challenge. I'll just keep Myself busy and hopefully that will keep my mind from wondering into it's darkest corners. 













[[MY PHILOSOPHY]]
 ---
_Document Entry Here_ : 
