## FOLLOWING [[MY PHILOSOPHY]]. 

Something to say ?:

**Just do the work.

---

Today, I talked to my father. 

He took me to my internship but my supervisor was not around. My dad hated that and imparted on me some great wisdom. 

Being on time is very important. 

He says that in the future, it will be a very important factor when I work with others. White people keep their time and hate late comers. And if I can't change others to keep their time, I should control what I can and keep my time. 

I start work tomorrow and I think that It could be a great chance if I am proactive & productive. I need to understand my work within three days and give it my all for a month. I must also think and work on solutions. 

I need to input all I can in the little time I have. I wasted my chances and did not do the best I could in 11th grade but I can do the best I can In these few months I have before applications. I am happy i took the chance to improve my work ethic for the most part and I could have done Better.

In the time I have, I'll do the best i can, that is all that matters. Let's get done with 4 more universities, then finish my Micro and make sure to hand my stuff to coach roger. It should take me about and hour for each. 

After that, I will look a bit more into computer engineering and then code for the first time in a long while. If i have time before I sleep, I will check out more universities and diversify my decisions. I have to maximise my day. If after that there is time. I'll sit and read until I have to sleep early and get ready to work tomorrow. 

Done writing, longest journaling i've done to date but i felt it was worth it. LET's GO!!!!









 